I am a Monument called: We-Will-Never-Forget-The-Time.
I Stand in Ueno Park as a memory for victims
of the World War II Tokyo air raids.
It targeted military factories and civilian
population of the city that happened in 1945.
I was built by Yohei Ebina who lost his own
family during the raid.
I resemble his family and many other innocent
civilians who died during the bombing.
There is clock tower above me that will remind
people of the importance of the peaceful times.
Tokyo raid was part of an Operation named
Meeting-house, which was conducted on the
night of 9th and 10th of March 1945, it is
the single most destructive bombing raid in
human history.
It aimed at central Tokyo and 16 square miles
or 41 square kilometers were destroyed, leaving
an estimated 100,000 civilians dead and over
one million homeless.
It was devastating times in which 1,665 tons
of cluster bombs filled with Napalm, jelled-gasoline
and white phosphorus were dropped by 339 B29
bombers.
Tokyo was not the only Japanese city that
suffered from such attacks but it clearly
it received the deadliest one.
This is because many of the work force who
served in critical war industries lived and
worked in here.
Emperor Hirohito's tour of the destroyed areas
of Tokyo in March 1945 was the beginning of
his personal involvement in the peace process,
culminating in Japan's surrender six months
later.
The future belongs to those who believe in
the beauty of their dreams.
We in Tokyo believed so and started to rebuild
our city like other cities in Japan on a foundation
of loving peace and life.
A thousand paper cranes were turned regularly
beside me to remind the visitors and the world
with the importance of peace and to never
let it go.
I hope the innocent souls all over the world
are not used as fuel for the wars anymore.